terraform workspace list (to list all the workspaces in terraform)

terraform workspace new <workspace_name> (to create new workspace in terraform)

terraform workspace select <workspace_name> (to switch from one workspace to another workspace)

terraform workspace delete <workspace_name> (to delete the workspace in terraform. you have to switch to another workspace in order to delete this workspace)

terraform workspace show (this will show in which workspace you are currently)

Example Workflow
Here’s a simple example of how to use workspaces in Terraform:

Initialize Terraform:

bash

terraform init
Create a New Workspace for Development:

bash

terraform workspace new dev
Switch to the Development Workspace:

bash

terraform workspace select dev
Apply Configuration in Development:

bash

terraform apply
Create a New Workspace for Production:

bash

terraform workspace new prod
Switch to the Production Workspace:

bash

terraform workspace select prod
Apply Configuration in Production:

bash

terraform apply
Best Practices
Use Descriptive Names: Name your workspaces descriptively to reflect their purpose (e.g., dev, staging, prod).

Environment-Specific Variables: Use variable files or environment variables to manage different configurations for each workspace.

Avoid Overuse: While workspaces are useful, avoid creating too many workspaces for minor variations. Consider whether separate configurations or modules might be more appropriate.

State Management: Be aware that each workspace has its own state. If you need to share resources between environments, consider using modules or different Terraform projects.

Conclusion
Terraform workspaces provide a powerful way to manage multiple environments within a single Terraform configuration. By leveraging workspaces, 
you can isolate changes, test configurations, and streamline your infrastructure management process. 
Understanding how to effectively use workspaces is essential for maintaining a clean and organized Terraform setup.
